# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
Submitted as a final project in CS250-Software Development Life Cycle

**How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?**
One helpful ways to elicit user needs to better interpret them into actionable items is through user sessions. By sitting down with stakeholders, a question and answer session can be conducted to determine pain points and desired functionality. This can be done as a group or held as a one-on-one interview to reduce groupthink. These sessions are ideal to collect user stories as they will come directly from end-users and high-level stakeholders. Story mapping and workflow models are another way to get a bigger pictuer of a product's desired functionality. Theses usually require the involvement of experts who understand the overarching functions and the activities underneath those functions from start to finish. 

**How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?**
My first approach in developing programs will be to determine the end functionality that is desired and work my way to prioritizing the first few steps needed to get there. I would involve a lot of collaboration in the process to get the necessary feedback and avoid any potential blind spots. The Agile process I would incorporate include collecting user stories, creating and prioritizing a backlog, and breaking down the project into iterable portions to make sure I can test each step, and ensure everything is coming together as expected. Whenever I write or refactor code, I like to run it after every few lines just to make sure all is well. Therefor, when developing software on a large scale, it would make senuse that same methodology, and Agile details that process nicely.

**What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?**
A good team member in software development is one that responds in a timely manner to communications, and is honest about progress, or lack thereof. Open and honest communication is the key to good teamwork. Additionally, a good team member is one that strives for excellence, while not demanding perfection.
